Vector is a sequence container that encapsulates dynamic size array.
It is same as array but array size is fixed but vector size is dynamic.
Vector elements are placed in contiguous memory location.
Vector can store duplicate elements.
Vector is faster than list and deque.
Vector is not thread safe.
Vector is implemented as a template class.
Vector is defined in <vector> header file.
Vector class is defined in std namespace.
Vector class is a template class.
Vector class is defined as:
template <class T, class Alloc = allocator<T> > class vector;
Here T is the data type of the elements and Alloc is the allocator object that is used to allocate memory for the elements.

Some of the important member functions of vector class are:
1. push_back(): It is used to insert an element at the end of the
   vector. It increases the size of the vector by 1.
2. pop_back(): It is used to remove the last element from the vector.
   It decreases the size of the vector by 1.
3. size(): It is used to get the number of elements in the vector.
4. capacity(): It is used to get the maximum number of elements that
   can be stored in the vector without allocating more memory.
5. at(): It is used to access the element at the specified index.
6. front(): It is used to access the first element of the vector.
7. back(): It is used to access the last element of the vector.
8. clear(): It is used to remove all the elements from the vector.
9. insert(): It is used to insert an element at the specified index.
10. erase(): It is used to remove the element at the specified index.
11. resize(): It is used to change the size of the vector.
12. empty(): It is used to check whether the vector is empty or not.
13. begin(): It is used to get the iterator pointing to the first
    element of the vector.
14. end(): It is used to get the iterator pointing to the last
    element of the vector.
15. rbegin(): It is used to get the reverse iterator pointing to
    the last element of the vector.
16. rend(): It is used to get the reverse iterator pointing to
    the first element of the vector.
17. assign(): It is used to assign new value to the vector elements
    by replacing old values.
18. swap(): It is used to swap the contents of one vector with
    another vector of same type and size.
19. emplace(): It is used to insert a new element into the vector
    at the specified position.
20. emplace_back(): It is used to insert a new element at the end
    of the vector.
21. data(): It is used to get the pointer to the first element
    of the vector.
22. shrink_to_fit(): It is used to reduce the capacity of the vector
    to fit its size.
23. reserve(): It is used to increase the capacity of the vector
    to a value greater than or equal to the current capacity.
24. get_allocator(): It is used to get the allocator object
    associated with the vector.
25. max_size(): It is used to get the maximum number of elements
    that can be stored in the vector.